so what is up in toes and buffaloes and
welcome back today to another video and
I do apologize if my voice starts to
crack out a few times during this
commentary it's not because I got
completely wasted last night which was
my excuse last Sunday it's more this
time that I've had a cold this week
somehow the weather in the UK has been
absolutely sensational you guys have
seen my videos I've been out and about
I've been telling you guys what I've
been doing and somehow I don't know how
it's happened but I managed to have got
myself a cold but anyway you're probably
wondering where is Q&A Sunday it's gonna
be on Monday or Tuesday or whatever day
I decide to upload it because at the
moment I mean the sort of mood where I
don't really want to stick to a schedule
it's the summer I just want to do what
feels best at the time I guess so this
is gonna be a commentary over some black
ops 1 gameplay a flawless TDM 37 and oh
on firing range using the beauty that is
the ak-47 for those of you guys that
didn't know and for those of you that
keep asking the question black ops 1
definitely was my favorite Call of Duty
it's always my go-to Cod if I'm getting
fed up with a series like now at the
moment I'm bored pretty much every Call
of Duty but if I was to say one game
that I would probably plug in if I had
to it would be black ops 1 I found it so
much fun back in the day and it still is
an awesome game but anyway I want to
talk to you guys briefly about dreams
and aspirations today because in the
past few days I've been I've been
reflecting I've been looking back
reminiscing on what I've done in my life
what I could have done to make certain
situations better looking forward to see
the path I want to take and what I'm
gonna have to do in order to achieve my
aspirations and you know there is seems
to be this attitude amongst people
slightly older than me and a lot older
than me where they seem to want to say
bro welcome to the real world or son
welcome to the real world get a real job
stop doing this stop doing that stop
thinking you're gonna do this and it's
not my family I've just heard people say
in the past I go onto videos of people
that are younger than me who talk about
similar topics to this and everyone's
like get real bro you're not gonna be
the next syndicate project you're not
gonna be the next I don't know Michael
Jackson if that's what you want to be
but um you know there seems to be this
negativity surrounding
young people these days actually wanting
to achieve something in their life I
think that these people and don't don't
get me wrong I'm not just completely
categorizing everyone that's older than
me as a negative bastard I'm not saying
that at all
but this whole phrase of getting the
real world I just think it's complete
and that's a bullshit because the
majority of people that say this they
are the ones that had dreams and
aspirations back when they were my age
or back when they were your age the
person watching this video right now and
listening to me so if you have something
that you really want to do don't let
anyone tell you that you can't do it for
example I want to commentate a World Cup
final and the chances are pretty much
everyone that I will ever tell this that
doesn't know who I am will say well
that's a bit of a big one isn't it I'll
be like well yeah it is but if you don't
aim high you're just gonna end up
getting in some dead-end job that you're
not looking forward to that you don't
want to do and you're not gonna succeed
in what you want to do and another thing
that I really personally want to do is
next year I want to travel to America
and I'm gonna be saving in order to do
so even Rio the World Cup in Brazil even
if I don't even go to watch a match I
would like to go to Rio next year so
what am I gonna do for the rest of the
year I'm gonna save money I'm gonna work
and let's see what happens and they
should give it a go things are not gonna
happen but anyway guys I know this has
been a really random commentary but the
sort of mood I'm in life wise at the
moment it's just whatever I feel like
saying I'm gonna say it so it's only a
short commentary in order to fit in with
the gameplay but I think I've said what
I wanted to say don't let anyone tell
you that you can't be there so you can't
do that because at the end of the day
those are the sort of people that missed
out on opportunities when they were
younger your age my age but anyway guys
thank you for watching I hope you
enjoyed the gameplay and the commentary
leave a like if you did be sure to
follow me on all the social medias
Facebook Twitter and Instagram it's been
great seeing all of the followers on
Instagram Twitter and the Facebook page
go up and it's great to keep interacting
with you guys thank you for watching and
I'll see you guys soon goodbye
you